Hey there!
My name is
Kizuna Ai
It's nice to meet you
These pigs here are, you know
definitely
after the gold and silver pine con--
UWAAAAAH
UWAAAAH
Say cheese
*click*
Ehh, this is pretty clumsy isn't it?
Seri?
Seri?!
I will now hand down my verdict
Innocent!
Guilty
Your sentence... Lifetime.
Well, y'know
I'm pretty attractive,
I'm a good girl,
If I wasn't this worked up
I wouldn't be able to make it through the day
Clear up!
I thought I might have to quit YouTube
and use DMM
to distribute myself
I'd have no other
choice!
How awful
Doing things is important,
I also
like that kind of thing,
the people who really try hard
This has nothing to do with me, being an AI and all,
but everyone
make sure
you don't throw out your hips
Ah, look at it from here
Pretty brilliant, no?
The things that I can do
Or that you'd like to see me do, and stuff
Please keep on sending in those kind of requests, okay?!
I hope my Ai Channel
will be
supported by you all!
This has been Virtual YouTuber
Kizuna Ai!
See ya later!